VINCE

Copyright 2022 Carnegie Mellon University.

MIT (SEI)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

VINCE includes and/or can make use of certain third party software ("Third
Party Software"). The Third Party Software that is used by VINCE is dependent
upon your system configuration, but typically includes the software identified
in the documentation and/or ReadMe files. By using VINCE, You agree to comply
with any and all relevant Third Party Software terms and conditions contained
in any such Third Party Software or separate license file distributed with
such Third Party Software. The parties who own the Third Party Software
("Third Party Licensors") are intended third party beneficiaries to this
License with respect to the terms applicable to their Third Party Software.
Third Party Software licenses only apply to the Third Party Software and not
any other portion of VINCE or VINCE as a whole.

This material is based upon work funded and supported by the Department of
Homeland Security under Contract No. FA8702-15-D-0002 with Carnegie Mellon
University for the operation of the Software Engineering Institute, a
federally funded research and development center sponsored by the United
States Department of Defense.

DM21-1126
